profile/README.md, before:

[twitter]: https://twitter.com/hashintel
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/company/hashintel
[blockprotocol]: https://blockprotocol.org/
[github_banner]: https://github.com/hashintel#

### Welcome to HASH 👋

[![github_banner](https://hash.ai/cdn-cgi/imagedelivery/EipKtqu98OotgfhvKf6Eew/ec83e48d-5a46-4c3f-a603-5d9fc43ff400/github)][github_banner]

### About HASH

Creators of knowledge management and decision-making tools:
- **#** [HASH](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/tree/main/packages/hash) - open-source block-based workspace
- **Þ** [Block Protocol](https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol) - open-source standard for block <> app communication, and community of block builders
- 🧠 [HASH Engine](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/tree/main/packages/engine) - agent-based simulation engine

### Around the web

- Try out the hosted version of HASH at [hash.ai](https://hash.ai/) 🌍 
- Browse our developer docs at [hash.dev](https://hash.dev/) 🚀
- Check out the Block Protocol [specification](https://blockprotcol.org/) and [Hub](https://blockprotocol.org/hub) [![blockprotocol](https://hash.ai/cdn-cgi/imagedelivery/EipKtqu98OotgfhvKf6Eew/bfa9a3fc-9301-45d7-73e4-26e7feb62900/16x16icon)][blockprotocol]
- Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/hashintel) [![twitter](https://hash.ai/cdn-cgi/imagedelivery/EipKtqu98OotgfhvKf6Eew/8b960e80-562c-4b9a-da7c-837c44ad7200/16x16icon)][twitter] and [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/hashintel) [![linkedin](https://hash.ai/cdn-cgi/imagedelivery/EipKtqu98OotgfhvKf6Eew/e417965c-0ee9-4ae7-4d98-48810339dd00/16x16icon)][linkedin]

Commit message:

Update links in banner, and add Discord

profile/README.md, after:

<!-- GitHub links -->
[block protocol]: https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol
[hash]: https://github.com/hashintel/hash/tree/main/packages/hash
[hash engine]: https://github.com/hashintel/hash/tree/main/packages/engine
[github_banner]: https://github.com/hashintel#welcome-to-hash-

<!-- Social links -->
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/hashintel
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/company/hashintel
[discord]: https://hash.ai/discord?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=github_readme_hashintel-profile_root

<!-- Site links -->
[hash.ai]: https://hash.ai/?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=github_readme_hashintel-profile_root
[hash.dev]: https://hash.dev/?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=github_readme_hashintel-profile_root
[blockprotocol]: https://blockprotocol.org/?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=github_readme_hashintel-profile_root
[hub]: https://blockprotocol.org/hub?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=github_readme_hashintel-profile_root
[specification]: https://blockprotcol.org/docs/spec?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=github_readme_hashintel-profile_root



### Welcome to HASH 👋

[![github_banner](https://hash.ai/cdn-cgi/imagedelivery/EipKtqu98OotgfhvKf6Eew/ec83e48d-5a46-4c3f-a603-5d9fc43ff400/github)][github_banner]

### About HASH

Creators of knowledge management and decision-making tools:
- **Þ** [Block Protocol] - open-source standard for block <> app communication, and community of block builders
- **#** [HASH] - open-source block-based workspace, built atop the Block Protocol
- 🧠 [HASH Engine] - agent-based simulation engine written in Rust

### Around the web

- Try out the hosted version of HASH at [hash.ai] 🌍 
- Browse our developer docs at [hash.dev] 🚀
- Check out the Block Protocol [Hub] and [specification] [![blockprotocol](https://hash.ai/cdn-cgi/imagedelivery/EipKtqu98OotgfhvKf6Eew/bfa9a3fc-9301-45d7-73e4-26e7feb62900/16x16icon)][blockprotocol]
- Join the HASH community forum on [Discord] [![discord](https://hash.ai/cdn-cgi/imagedelivery/EipKtqu98OotgfhvKf6Eew/66be8013-77b0-4d39-8766-fecea1931800/16x16icon)][discord]
- Or follow us on [Twitter] [![twitter](https://hash.ai/cdn-cgi/imagedelivery/EipKtqu98OotgfhvKf6Eew/8b960e80-562c-4b9a-da7c-837c44ad7200/16x16icon)][twitter] and [LinkedIn] [![linkedin](https://hash.ai/cdn-cgi/imagedelivery/EipKtqu98OotgfhvKf6Eew/e417965c-0ee9-4ae7-4d98-48810339dd00/16x16icon)][linkedin]
